Changed log.info to tidy up using fmt.sprintf (#2246)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

### Bug Fixes

> - Changed watches.go to fix log.Info to modify message,and maxWorkers logic ([#2246](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2246/files))

Reviewer: I agree with @camilamacedo86, but I think it needs to be a bit more specific and user-friendly.

Also a few nits: the change description should end in a period with the link following in parentheses, and the link should be to the base PR URL, not to the `/files` subpath.

 How about this?
```suggestion
Fixed log formatting issue that occurred while loading the configuration for Ansible-based operators. ([#2246](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2246))
```

Reviewer 2: solved

> 

Reviewer 2: Need to be something that any user who looked that can understand. Maye something as:

> Fix log messages to make clear what are the values used and environment variables used when the operator starts.

### Removed

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed log formatting issue that occurred while loading the configuration for Ansible-based operators. ([#2246](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2246))

Reviewer 2: It needs to be in the unreleased section.

Reviewer: It looks like it already is.

Reviewer 2: solved.
